ABBY (Voiceover):
Previously on "Dance Moms."
Your replacements will
be at the competition.
Could you quit running up to the mirror,
so close? Think!
Mackenzie forgets her dance on stage.
She goes completely blank.
Listen to what I'm saying.
- I'm hearing you. And I know.
- ABBY: Nothing should get in their way.
Same think about worrying
about a guy, instead of your own kids.
MELISSA: We have a happy household.
Well, your kid doesn't look
very happy to me. You are more worried
about your friendships with all of
these women than your own kids
and you know it, because you're an idiot!
Yeah, go.
ABBY (Voiceover) Coming up on "Dance Moms"
Jill, she did a costume
behind Abby's back.
I don't like people going behind my back.
You know that's my problem with Melissa.
You're using hats.
A hat is very specific to the style
of the routine.
Put the hat on their head
and make sure it's right.
Kendall, I don't think
you'll be doing your solo.
It's all their fault!
Get your kid and leave.
You're idiots if you stay.
I knew something was up when
we hadn't seen Cathy in weeks.
I don't want to be fourth
in front of Cathy.
The boys are just amazing.
[Christi] Come on, Chlo. We're done.
[theme music]
(SINGING) Get up.
Get on the floor.
My world is with my girls,
living on the dance floor.
[music playing]
MELISSA: I don't think I've ever been
so nervous to walk into pyramid
as I am right now.
It's bad enough that we got fourth place
at competition last week
but Abby and I got in a big fight.
And I know she's mad at me.
I just want to look at
what fourth place looks like.
I really can't remember
when the Abby Lee Dance Company
competition team came in fourth.
That had to be 20, 25 years ago.
It was devastating to me.
This weekend we will be traveling
to Voorhees, New Jersey.
We will be attending On Stage America.
I don't want to be fourth, again.
On the bottom, Mackenzie.
You will not be performing in
the group routine this weekend.
Next, Maddie.
MELISSA: Maddie and Mackenzie
we're both at the bottom.
It was, you know, a little different.
It is what it is. I mean, I don't know
what I'm supposed to do.
ABBY: At Nationals you were
amazing, just as good as Chloe.
But Chloe won.
And ever since then...
KELLY: I think Melissa and Maddie need
to get used to taking a turn
at the bottom.
Because we've all been there.
Paige, once again, it's
the same pattern, Kelly.
It's like she doesn't
have to work anymore.
Like, I went, I won.
Third was good enough for me.
Nia, you're doing fine. But is fine
going to make you a star?
Kendall, you didn't pull
my eyes in a negative way.
You actually pulled
them in a positive way.
When I don't say your name and
I stop yelling at you, get worried.
JILL: I'm ecstatic because Kendall's never
been off the bottom row of the pyramid.
We're moving up. This is what
we're working towards. This is good.
And, Chloe, I thought you looked great.
It was good.
Was that exactly what you're
supposed to do? No.
Go out there and do the
routine that you were taught
the way I envision it.
Better yet, Chloe, do it
better than I can imagine it.
That's a dancer.
And, on top of the pyramid...
I think the kids think
it's going to be Brooke.
Ha! Not a chance.
is nobody.
Nobody in a group that got
fourth deserves that spot.
Brooke, I don't have you on the team.
KELLY: She's been here every week.
What is the purpose of
her coming every week
if you're not going
to put her on the pyramid?
Brooke, do you want to be here?
See, that to me is not a
response that I'm looking for.
KELLY: I've been playing by the rules
with Abby. I haven't been name calling.
I haven't been fighting with her and
Abby still won't put her on the pyramid.
It's like she's playing a game with me.
I really don't care because I think your
pyramid is a crock of [bleep] anyways.
This weekend we are doing a group routine
called "Pink Lemonade."
Brooke, I plan for you
to be in the group routine.
Kendall, you have a solo.
[applause]
Your solo is entitled "Owe You Nothing."
Remember that.
I owe you nothing.
You are very lucky.
Embrace this opportunity
and make the most of it.
Nia, you also have a solo.
[applause]
Your solo is entitled
"100 Years From Now."
Is it going to take you 100 more
years to straighten those legs
and point those feet or
are you going to do it now?
And I have one more solo.
Chloe, do you think you can
do the dance that I teach you?
Have you talked to your mom
about stopping the advocacy
for all the other mothers?
CHRISTI: It's obvious that
Abby is still holding a grudge
over our walk out a few weeks ago.
Well, we're here now, and
Chloe's ready to work.
And Abby just needs to move on.
Chloe, this is a contemporary routine,
as well.
There's lots of hits, accents, it's
stronger than you've been doing before.
And it is called "Left in the Dark."
The group routine is entitled
"Pink Lemonade."
You're using hats, and
the hats are a prop.
Drop your hat and you're off the team.
[music playing]
[laughter]
KELLY: God! Let's be a little harsh.
They think I'm joking?
Let somebody drop the
hat and see what happens.
Moms, you're dismissed.
You're going to be rhinestoning.
Ladies, spread apart. Start to warm up.
Grand plié in second.
[music playing]
(singing) The world...
The world was mine to give.
I must say, I'm surprised that Abby's up.
Abby must really care about this routine.
She is actually up and out of her chair.
Straddle leap, cut under, two jumps.
Yes.
HOLLY: Melissa, did Abby apologize to you?
No. Has she ever apologized to you?
JILL: Maddie and Mackenzie are both
at the bottom of the pyramid.
And I know Melissa is about to explode.
Clearly Abby, at this point,
wants nothing to do with Melissa.
It surprised me that she
said all that stuff to you
and you did not say anything back to her.
You are more worried about
your friendships with all these women
than your own kids, and you know it.
Same thing about worrying about
a guy instead of your own kids! Yes!
Going from one husband to another
instead of just worrying
about your kids... please.
It is what it is.
If somebody said that stuff about me
I don't know how I couldn't say something.
That's-- that's-- it works for you,
I guess. You know?
CHRISTI: It's so funny to
me to see Melissa sit there
and be like, "Oh, I don't care
if Maddie doesn't have a solo."
She's like, "No, I don't even care."
Melissa's wearing glasses this week
because her contacts can't stand through
all those tears.
You sat there and did not say a word and
Maddie still didn't get a solo this week.
MELISSA: I'm not saying
anything to her about it.
That's not anybody else's concern.
[music playing]
CATHY: You are here because
I had a team last year.
I was a little lenient with that team
and it bit me in the apples.
I haven't seen Abby since
last year's Nationals in LA.
Since that time, I've used all my
resources to get just that perfect team.
And I think I finally have it.
It's all boys.
That's genius.
There's a dance teacher by
the name of Abby Lee Miller.
I need to win.
I need to beat her.
That's why you guys are here.
First we have Bryant.
I know you're going to have to
really focus on your technique,
but I think you have a
burning desire to get ahead.
- Yes?
- Yeah.
Jalen.
If there's a B-boy to
be had, he's the one.
If you want to slide on your head right
past Abby Miller, you do that.
Gino, you've got excellent technique.
I know that you're going
to bring it to the board.
And at the top of the pyramid...
Zack, highly trained, excellent technique.
And I a certain teacher
by the name of Abby Miller
who invited you
to come dance with her team.
So here we have it. Yes?
My thoughts behind the pyramid...
it promotes individual as
opposed to a group effort.
You're right.
And team, individual, leader.
- Enough said.
- MAN: We'll see.
OK, guys, let's go.
Girls are a dime a dozen at competitions.
Boys make the judges
sit up and take notice
especially when the
boys are as technically
fabulous as the boys that I've found.
[music playing]
ABBY: The name of the song is
"Pink Lemonade", but it's about life.
You get lemons, you make lemonade.
OK, let's try that with the music.
CHRISTI: Maddie looks like
she's ready to lose her mind.
I don't know how much more of this Melissa
is going to be able to take.
Because Maddie doesn't have a solo,
Mackenzie's not even in the group dance.
She's over in the corner
like a little rat, like,
"Oh, go in the corner, Kenz.
Blah, blah, blah, blah."
Drag, ball change, hop,
chainé, hold your head on.
Arms, arms, arms.
HOLLY: What are you
going to do about Abby?
You're not going to do anything, really?
I don't know what to do.
I mean, I-- you know, it's a
shame that my whole kid's life
is about Miss Abby.
And I don't want to hurt Abby's feelings.
I'm not one to confront people.
I'll always appreciate everything
that Abby has done for my children.
She has made my children into the dancers
that they've become.
I'm going to be honest with you.
I regret things and I you know, I...
- I do.
- Like being in the car?
Do you regret that? I do.
Abby could turn on
anyone at any given time.
I'm sorry, but I do.
[music playing]
- JEN: Hi. Great. Sure.
- Hi, Jen. Come on in.
This is going to be
a big week for Kendall.
She's getting a solo, so I
want her to look amazing.
Kendall, this is Jen.
- Hi. Hi. Nice to met you.
- Nice to meet you, Kendall.
- We want something over the top.
- Boom.
JILL: I know that Abby says a
costume doesn't make a number,
but it helps.
And if I'm willing to pay
the money and spend the time
and hire a designer, Abby
won't be able to overlook her.
- Bye.
- Bye. Thanks.
What do you think? Good.
It's going to be exciting! I'm so excited!
[music playing]
ABBY: Come on, girls!
Let's go, let's go, let's go!
Girls, listen up.
"Pink Lemonade" better not
be fourth or third or second.
[music playing]
When you drag your foot from straddle
around, you're sickling your right foot.
This week we're doing a musical theater
number to "Pink Lemonade."
Chloe, you're flexing your
palms on the arch back.
The hands are clean.
Now the girls use hats.
And there's a little surprise
with the hats as the routine goes on.
They pull the hats off, the
hair comes tumbling all down
and then they continue to dance
with the hat in their hand.
Get That hat! Get it! Get it! Get it!
Nobody was good.
I mean, if that kid drops their hat
on stage, it ruins the whole number.
This is turning, leaping, jumping.
Not one person can be off.
Because when that hat's
off, you're going to see it.
Dancing with the hat is pretty hard.
I just hope that I don't
screw up at the competition.
[music playing]
Yay! There we go. Good girl. Good girl.
Let's find you a cup.
JILL: Wow. You're all clean.
Look. She's like, I don't know.
She's going to know you
because you're my dog sitter today.
Jill is kind of, you know, stepping
into Melissa's old spot.
And she wants to be helpful.
Get the pooper scooper. Let's be helpful.
- You going to walk her for me?
- Outside?
- Yes.
- JILL: No, I don't...
Kendall doesn't come first.
My dog comes first.
So you want to go tinkles?
JILL: I'm honored that Abby
trusts her dog with me.
I just really hope she doesn't
go to doggie heaven on my watch.
Ooh, look, we have progress.
That's a good girl.
Go potty. Come on.
CHRISTI: I think Jill ye saw
an opening on Abby's pyramid
of moms and she's like, oh,
Melissa's fallen from grace.
I will walk the dog so I can be
at the top of the mom pyramid.
Come on. Come see your mama.
MELISSA: She'll bark when she sees her.
I bark when I see Abby, too.
[barking]
- MELISSA: See?
- I told you.
JILL: I know! You saw her.
I guess Broadway Baby can sense evil, too.
[music playing]
We're going to start right here.
Remember, this is "Owe You Nothing."
You're like, I don't owe you.
You're more, like, dangerous. Boom.
Kendall is doing a jazz acrobatic routine.
It's entitled "Owe You Nothing."
Take the arms down the body.
Push like there's a wall
on either side of you.
And, you know what?
No more second chances, Kendall.
Has anybody ever heard
of this girl, Jen Rocket?
I had her come over
because I don't have costumes
that haven't been worn with Abby
that aren't another studio's. So I...
Did Abby design it or
did she leave it up to you to design it?
No, Abby didn't design it.
- [gasps] You're going to get in trouble.
- JILL: She had told me what she wanted.
Because I don't want you to get yelled
at for doing something behind her back.
- ABBY: Moms!
- MELISSA: Yes?
Come on down to the costume shop.
I want to go over these rhinestones.
- JILL: Woo-hoo!
- Let's go.
Let's get it done so we can
get home early and pack.
Yeah, OK. That's never going to happen.
ABBY: The costumes were custom made.
They're ready for the girls.
All they need is rhinestones.
The fedora is to be worn like that.
So it sits, it's all in
my head and I'm pointing it
to the right and down.
I have a costume in my
dancewear store for Nia.
Obviously, Chloe is going
to wear a ragdoll costume.
All right, now Kendall, for that solo
I would have loved her to be in green.
Well, let me tell you,
and regarding the costume
I have gray bottoms and a gray top.
And it's going to have,
like, a lace overlay over it.
You know what, Abby?
I think you're going to
like what we came up.
Jill, you just have to understand,
I don't like people going behind my back.
I wouldn't go behind your back, Abby.
But you know that's my
problem with Melissa.
JILL: I see and feel the tension
between Abby and Melissa.
And I know that Abby is
used to Melissa doing
all these extra things for her.
But Abby is not asking her to do it.
CHRISTI: I guess Jill is taking
the approach
that gifts didn't really get her too far
so now she's into doing favors for Abby.
MELISSA: That's something I would do.
Is there anything else in
here you need me to do for you?
- Nope.
- You don't need any help in here?
No. We're all good. All right.
- CHRISTI: Did you start your solo?
- No?
Whatever.
I don't, either.
Nia, I told you before, the name of
your routine is "100 Years From Now."
You don't have 100 years from now
to fix your feet and your legs
I'm giving Nia a solo.
You might think I'm off my rocker.
This kid keeps telling me
she's working on her legs
and working on her feet
and working on her turnout.
I want to see her do a lyrical solo.
This is a lyrical routine
in the 11-12 age group.
Step it up!
- You all right?
- No. I'm not.
- What's wrong?
- My daughter hasn't started her solo.
Nobody seems to care.
Christi, maybe this is Abby's test
when she talks about
advocating for your child.
Holly can't possibly
understand how I'm feeling.
Nia's solo is finished, and
Chloe hasn't even started hers.
Why does Nia need all
that more time than Chloe?
Maybe you just need to go
down there and just talk to Ab.
OK, no. I don't know if you've met Abby.
She doesn't have conversations.
She argues.
I wasn't trying to suggest
that you should fight with her.
- OK, thanks.
- OK.
You know have to get snippy with me, miss.
I feel like Christi's overreacting
more and more these days.
She's constantly throwing tantrums
and I'm not in the mood to fuss over her.
Yes, Hello?
Yes. This is Abby Lee from the
Abby Lee Dance Company
in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
We're attending your event
in Voorhees, New Jersey.
I had to call the competition to verify
that our routines were entered
in the correct categories.
And I asked if anybody was
coming from another state.
I talked to On Stage America.
She wouldn't give me names
but there was one student from
Pennsylvania, which is us
and one studio from Ohio.
That's not just any studio from Ohio.
That's got to be Cathy.
She's going to come back with a vengeance.
I didn't like being fourth last week.
I don't want to be
fourth in front of Cathy.
The girls have to have straight legs.
Their arms need to be placed correctly.
They have to nail those turns.
If they don't win I get
to say, "I told you so."
[music playing]
And, a one, two, one, two, three.
And a one, two, and one, two, three.
I like this. This is cool.
- But I like this.
- Boom.
That, right there.
As I'm watching Chloe dance, she's really
done on this creepy doll thing well.
And, more importantly, she's remembering
every bit of her choreography
with so little time to practice.
Feel that? Slow down. Do it again.
- And...
- MELISSA: This is pretty.
- Excuse me. Chloe's costume is beautiful.
MELISSA: Yes, it is.
- JILL: Beautiful. You did great job.
- CHRISTI: I'm not done.
MELISSA: Jill, what are you doing?
Are you not using the
costume that lady made?
Yeah. She wants green in
it, so I'm going to try
to get some green pieces to put in it.
- Did you show her the picture of it?
- No.
KELLY: Abby asked everyone
to have their costumes done for today.
Like, I can't believe
Jill doesn't have hers.
Jill, I'm confused.
You don't have a costume for Kendall,
but I thought you had one made.
I don't have it. That was yesterday.
- Oh, well, what are you working on now?
- Oh. This is pieces for the costume.
- CHRISTI: Okay.
- JILL: I don't have it in my possession.
And then you're just going
to add those pieces...
- And then I was going to add this.
- Oh, OK.
I was just a little confused.
Jill's been here long enough
that you would think
she would be smart enough to know
you just don't do stuff like that.
music playing]
They're so holding back
because of their hats.
I was thinking the same thing.
They can't go all-out
because they've got to hold their heads
a certain way so the hats don't fall off.
CHRISTI: Mm-hmm.
Chloe was saying that before, last night.
So they're dancing kind of stiff, I think.
Slow down, there.
Brooke, you're never straightening out
your first leg in that jump, at all.
Make sure your hat's on your head.
We all learned, at the very
first competition
that we ever went to with this
particular team
that the headpiece stays on your head.
Who did we learn it from? Chloe.
I'm totally serious.
I mean, if that kid
drops their hat onstage
it ruins the whole number.
All the judges are going
to look at somebody's hat.
All right, ladies! [gasps]
MELISSA: Scared me.
I've had it with the hat situation.
I don't have 48 more hours to
tell each kid 100 more times
how to wear their hat.
A hat is very specific to
the style of the routine.
Put the hat on their head
and make sure it's right.
JILL: That's not the way
to approach a situation.
I think the kids get the point.
But, come on, situations happen.
A hat may drop on the floor. Big deal.
One, two, three.
Bop!
Get it down.
Kendall is doing a jazz acrobatic routine.
Now this is a defining
moment in Kendall's life.
Right foot, rolling over.
She's either going to go
out there and wow the judges
and impress me or she's going
to go out there and blow it.
JILL: Even though Abby's been
really, really hard on Kendall
and it has not been an easy
road, I'm really proud of her.
She's working towards something
and she's seeing results.
This is this is really good.
ABBY: Kendall, you're marking things.
Why are you marking things?
I didn't give Maddie a solo.
If I did, she wouldn't be marking it.
She would do it full out every time.
I think sometimes Abby forgets
that Kendall is only nine years old.
I am so happy that Kendall
has a solo this week.
ABBY: Your face is
ridiculous on the turns.
But I hate that Abby is so hard on her.
[upbeat music]
[mooing]
Boys, parents, I would
like to introduce you
to your choreographer for this week.
And this is Nick Anthony.
He's come all the way from
LA to work with you guys.
Nick is very good with hip hop.
It's going to go one, two.
It's going to go punch, punch.
One, two, three and four, step.
He's utilizing the
contemporary boys and the hip
hop boys, and gelling it all together.
And that's what I was looking for.
Let's go one more time from the top.
CATHY: The dance that we're doing
at the competition is very masculine.
And it's called "Own It."
And I thought that that was
very appropriate because I would
very much like to be able
to say that we owned it.
Punch, punch, pull, cross, slice.
And four, five and six.
Okay. We're still struggling with that.
NICK: Not bad. We're under the gun.
This competition hit us really fast.
These boys coming in from
all over the nation...
they're going to have to pull it together.
They don't have options.
Five, six, seven and one, two,
three and four. Step it back.
Step it back. One, two, three and
four, five and six.
- That's better.
- Much better.
I can't wait to see Abby's
face when Jalen comes
across the floor on his head.
[music playing]
Kendall, you're not turning in relevé.
Don't get so close to her!
Look at the gap behind you!
Sloppy feet, Kendall!
Your right ankle wasn't
pressed into the ground!
This rehearsal is not going
well, especially for Kendall.
To be honest, I don't think this kid
can handle everything on her plate.
Your left foot's sickled
on the jazz backbend!
Not to mention, she didn't
bring the costume for her solo.
I guess this is it.
I'm going to dismiss you.
Kendall, I don't think
you'll be doing your solo.
Your mother was to have
that costume here today.
She knows everything, fine.
- I don't think you're doing a solo.
- Then I'm going home.
I have other children and
other responsibilities.
So I haven't had time to
get Kendall's costume, yet.
Abby better not take it out on Kendall.
It's not her fault.
I can have a costume!
They told me they have it!
You're idiots if you stay
and let this woman destroy your children.
You know that. This is destruction.
KELLY: I said the same thing last season.
Well, why don't we all
walk out until she apologizes
to these children for treating
them like [bleep] animals?
I'm not doing it, guys. I'm not doing it.
Let's go.
It's not my fault. But even
more so, it's not her fault.
ABBY: No. But why didn't you just take
what I was offering you?
You're a grown adult woman.
- That's right.
- Just go get it.
And this is-- no.
I am a grown adult woman and--
and we are done with this. Come on.
Jill was to bring a
costume and she didn't.
What did you expect Abby to do?
I'm so sorry, honey.
[crying]
I know. It'll never, ever work.
It'll never work. Okay?
[crying]
It's okay. I'm trying so hard.
Girls, I'll be on the bus.
I just find it humorous that the moms
sat in the parking lot for two days
because Brooke and Paige weren't here.
But now that Kendall's not
here, it's "Screw you, honey."
Every man for themselves.
Look at Brooke and Paige.
They didn't shed a tear.
[music playing]
I need to know what you want to do.
- You OK, Kendall?
- It's not good.
I mean... I can't believe not one mom
was on my side, especially Kelly.
I mean, I quit the team for her.
Well, I can tell you right now
Melissa will never stick up to Abby again.
We all quit just a few weeks
ago, and where did it get us?
Abby had us replaced in days.
And then we came back and
Abby was still horrible.
I think Jill's crazy if she wants
to go through this, again.
I'm going to go on the
bus and talk to Abby.
[music playing]
- Yes?
- JILL: I want Kendall to dance.
You know I fought to get her on this team.
What did I say? When I forget your name...
- I know. I know. And I...
- ABBY: that's when you start to worry.
Maybe tell Kendall, honey,
every time she corrects you,
that's like mommy spent $100.
So by the end of the day, you've
got $10,000, Maddie got $2,000,
Paige got zip. Spin it. You're the parent.
I know that Kendall wants to dance.
And Jill needs to realize that I'm never
going to coddle my dancers.
So, Jill, get over it.
If Kendall wants to dance,
she wants to go with us this weekend
get a costume and get on the bus.
Okay.
[music playing]
[cheering]
ABBY: Game faces.
There are tons of fans waiting
at the door to meet us
and I don't even have time for them.
Because I have one thing on
my mind, and that's Cathy.
I've warned you over and over. Come on.
Listen, Paige, pay attention.
MELISSA: I don't know why Cathy
gets under Abby's skin so bad.
Because Abby knows that
we're better than her
so she just needs to just
not let it bother her.
Oh, all right.
[laughs]
[chatter]
CATHY: Smells not like
something's burning.
Woo! It's us, because we are hot!
[laughs] I'm so excited to see Abby
and to see her face drop to her toes
when she sees me walking in
with my entourage of boys.
Okay. Start to unpack.
Get the shoes on that
you're going to dance in.
Hello! I made it a point to go right
to Cathy's dressing room.
And lo and behold, all boys.
- Really?
- Yes, really.
- Really.
Man, oh, man.
Cathy is a snake.
She secretly created this all boys team.
She knows that's the only way she could
even come close to beating me.
All right, guys.
Well, I have some gifts for you,
some Abby Lee Dance Company t-shirts.
Because, you know, we are
the National Champions.
You know what you're going to do
with those shirts. Right?
- You can dust with them.
- What?
Cathy, now come on.
Don't be rude like that.
- You that's it's unbecoming.
- Oh, my goodness.
The saddest part is,
Cathy's a great teacher.
She has great girls.
She just doesn't know how to teach guys.
Abby, do you have a boy dancing today?
- I don't.
- Oh.
- But, I'll...
- Well, I think that speaks volumes.
But I have lots of boys
working professionally.
[music playing]
I knew something was up when
we hadn't seen Cathy in weeks.
And now I know what her game is.
She has an all boys team.
That's her MO because you guys
all know that a judge
they go for the boys all the time because
they want to keep them dancing.
You girls are a dime a dozen.
Abby is so obsessed now
with Cathy and her boys
that she's going to be
even harder on our girls.
I want that faster. Get three in there.
Make that mean something, Chloe.
That's the last time they see your face.
You got to stretch that front knee.
It's bent.
Where are you spotting that turn?
Don't lose steam.
[screams] Start over.
It's really important that
every single person on my team
goes out there and nails it.
We need every point we
can get to beat Cathy.
Let's go.
[music playing]
Guys, whatever we get, be happy.
- Okay.
- And don't be mad at anybody.
I won't. OK.
ANNOUNCER: Next, in our
Junior Miss competition
please welcome to the stage number 121.
This is Nia, dancing to
"100 Years From Now."
[cheering and applause]
[music playing]
(SINGING) I would give you the world.
My hands are empty.
All I have is words.
I wasn't doing so bad.
Now I'm the same as now.
[cheering and applause]
ABBY: Was Nia's solo amazing? No.
I just hope it scores high
enough to help us beat Cathy.
ANNOUNCER: Up next, in our Junior Miss
On Stage American competition
please welcome number 127, Kendall,
dancing to "Owe You Nothing."
[cheering and applause]
[music playing]
(SINGING) Oh, there you go,
walking through that door.
And you act like you've done nothing.
But your hands show
you got nothing for me.
Time to take your lies and leave.
[applause]
ABBY: I'm very impressed with Kendall.
I can't believe it. She strutted her stuff
right on out there.
She captured the judges.
She had them in the palm of her hand.
You know, their eyes never left Kendall.
I think it was a good performance,
and I think it's good enough
to beat the other girls.
ANNOUNCER: Up next to our stage,
please welcome number 115.
This is Chloe dancing
to "Left in the Dark."
[cheering and applause]
[music playing]
(SINGING) At night I
fight my biggest battles
when the lights go down.
I could cut worse than a razor blade.
At night I'll take this whole town down
and when I'm left in the dark, dark,
dark, dark, dark
dark dark, dark, dark, dark.
I tear myself apart, part, part,
part, part, part
part, part.
[cheering and applause]
Chloe danced well. I'm just hoping it's
good enough for a win
because Abby only cares about winning.
I don't know how the judges are going
to score this routine, though.
[applause]
Now it is time for special awards.
My third runner up goes to
number 142, "Flying Solo,"
Brianna.
[cheering and applause]
My second runner up goes to
number 127, "Owe You Nothing,"
Kendall.
[cheering and applause]
JILL: I'm happy with third place.
Kendall listed the 9-12
year old age category,
and she's beating children
much older than her.
ANNOUNCER: The first runner up for
Junior Miss On Stage America goes to
number 149,
"I'm Going Love You Through It."
[cheering and applause]
CHRISTI: None of our
girls are in second place.
There's only one award left.
And if it's not Chloe or Nia,
Abby is going to freak out.
ANNOUNCER: And the winner for
Junior Miss on Stage America
goes to-- drumroll, please.
[cheering]
Number 131-A, "True Colors."
[cheering and applause]
ABBY: I have never been more
disappointed with my team.
Last week they were fourth, and now
nobody even places except Kendall.
And she's third.
Nia, Chloe, you picked
the wrong week to choke.
[door slams]
Well, well, well.
I didn't pick three soloists to come here
to put you in the competition
for you not to do well.
The thing that takes the work, the sweat
when is the last time
that you went into a class
and actually were dripping with sweat?
When is the last time your feet
were so blistery on the bottom
that they were cracked open and bleeding?
When was the last time that happened?
That's a dancer.
This group routine has to be perfect.
Nobody better drop a hat.
We need every point we can get
if we have a chance to beat Cathy.
And you all know how I
get when Cathy shows up.
That was an embarrassment.
[music playing]
[applause]
Nobody placed in the solos except Kendall,
and she was only third.
These girls better do
the group dance perfect.
Think about Cathy beating us.
Think about your reputation
as the National Champions.
We can't lose to Cathy not now, not ever.
You got picked to do a job
to beat a bunch of girls who come out
and do a whole lot of nothing.
Don't embarrass yourself. More importantly
do not embarrass me out there.
Come on, let's go.
I love "Pink Lemonade."
I think it's probably one
of my favorite group dances
I've ever seen the girls put together.
I think it really has a lot of potential
but I don't know if it has potential
to beat an all boys team.
ANNOUNCER: Next up, please welcome
number 232-A, dancing to "Own It."
[cheering and applause]
[music playing]
(SINGING) To know me is to
feel the love, feel the...
asteroid, outer space,
moving at a fast pace.
Timeline's down, down.
Every breath you try to take.
We gain sanity, split personality.
Oh, oh, oh.
Own it. See it.
Dream it in the night.
Your possessors of your mind.
Move it here to bring you life.
Own it.
See you dancing in the yard,
DJs mixing on the roof.
One more shout out, then goodbye.
We gained sanity, split personality.
Own it.
From the outside, looking in,
grab the wheel and give a spin.
It's your time. Go out and win.
[cheering and applause]
JILL: It is crowd appeal at its best.
Are they working well together? No.
Was the crowd going nuts? Yes.
Were they better than our girls?
I'm not so sure, at this point.
ANNOUNCER: Up next to the stage,
please welcome number 215
"Pink Lemonade."
[cheering and applause]
[music playing]
(SINGING) Life's a soiree
serving pink lemonade
a cascade of champagne.
You and me.
Life is a play and the star on Broadway
is you.
Just serve yourself.
ABBY: There's Chloe's hat, right smack
in front of the judges' face.
(SINGING) pink lemonade today.
[cheering and applause]
CHRISTI: I know the wrath of Abby's crazy,
"I want to beat Cathy's
all boy team," behavior
is going to come down on that one moment.
And there's nothing I can do
about it, and I feel helpless.
- Now my kid's going to get screamed at.
- They're all going to get screamed at.
- No, but pick on Chloe, especially.
- I can't stand it.
I can't stand that I have to
sit here and wait for this woman
to come in here and berate us.
[applause] Good job!
Just so you know, Abby is going to come
in here it's going to be awful.
- Nice job, Chloe!
- Huh?
- Nice job.
- Let's go. We're leaving.
You want Chloe gone, we're going.
You get your way.
You can have whoever you...
Walks out, falls all over
the place with the turns.
- CHRISTI: No, she didn't.
- And then drops her hat.
- Yes, she did.
- CHRISTI: No, she didn't.
ABBY: Yes, she did.
CHRISTI: You know what?
You go ahead and replace me. I'm leaving.
I'm not going to make a scene with you.
ABBY: Oh, that's the easy way out. Right?
- No.
I'm done. I'm done.
This is not what I signed up for
humiliation for my daughter.
I didn't humiliate her!
CHRISTI: Yes, you did.
She humiliated herself when she--
Abby, shut up.
ABBY: --fell out of the turn!
CHRISTI: Shut up. Stop talking, now.
Replace us, that's fine. Come on, Chlo.
We're done.
[chatter]
CHRISTI: Get away from me!
[ominous music]
I thought besides somebody
dropping their hat, it was not bad.
KELLY: I think that more is
going on in Christi's head
than just Abby yelling at
Chloe for her losing her hat.
I mean, there's been a lot going
on this competition season.
And I just think that we're all
a little stressed right now.
CHRISTI: Get away from me.
Get away from me.
See ya, Christi.
I mean, what are you thinking?
Am I going to reprimand Chloe?
Am I going to tell her what she did wrong?
You bet.
Chloe, you just blew this.
If we don't win, it's your
fault for dropping the hat.
ANNOUNCER: The next category
is Junior Advanced Small Group.
MELISSA: Okay. Here we go.
My second runner up, number 214,
"The Lord of Gymnastics and Cheer."
[applause]
Separating my runner up and
my winner is 1/10 of a point.
Of course!
If Cathy beats me again
by 1/10 of a point--
ANNOUNCER: Number 232-A, "Own It,"
from Candy Apples Dance Center.
[cheering and applause]
And the winner of the Junior Advanced
Small Group
goes to number 215.
[cheering and applause]
MELISSA: It was the best
feeling in the world.
I can't even tell you how
good it felt to beat boys.
Where do we dance, ladies?
Abby Lee Dance Company!
I'm really excited that we beat Cathy
but it's just not the
same without Christi here.
If Abby would've realized
that Chloe dropping her hat
didn't ruin the number, I just think
the whole fight would've never happened.
CHRISTI: I need a cab.
Do you know where I can find a cab?
Thank you.
Abby gets her way.
She's wanted to be gone for years,
and she doesn't think Chloe
has any kind of talent.
But somebody out there is
going to think she goes.
All right, kiddo, let's go outside.
[cheering]
I'm so glad we beat them!
CHRISTI: Come on.
We did not sign up for this.
I don't really think
this is worth it anymore.
ABBY (VOICEOVER): Next on "Dance Moms"--
Did you come in the big
crappy bus from Pittsburgh?
- Cathy, go to hell!
- Oh, you're just scared!
- You cannot talk to children like that.
- No, her.
But we have to beat those kids.
We have to.
- Cathy, no one wants you here.
- Just shut your mouth!
JILL: Shut your mouth! Woo!
ABBY: I didn't mean to do that.
Because I didn't mean to do that, either.
- ABBY: That woman just hit me.
- JILL: Come on, bring it on!
That's enough. Let's go outside.
Get lost, bitch!